[x] win7
[x] office
 [x] outlook
[x] fixing things previously
[x] technical docs (BTEC OP OP)
[x] people skills
 [x] teachers are among those that have commended for the clarity of my emails
[x] organised (taskwarrior, charts, lists of revision material)
[x] customer service (helping out family and friends, helping out kids at als)

I have used many operating systems, including Windows XP, 7, 8.1 and 10; along with Linux distributions such as Arch, Mint, Ubuntu, TinyCore and Manjaro. I am more familiar with Windows 10, as it is my primary operating system at home, but I feel that the difference between Windows 7 and 10 is minimal, meaning that I can solve problems on both quickly and easily.

During my time at UTC Reading, I have used many Office365 tools such as Word, Excel, OneNote and Yammer, but the most important piece of software that I have used is Outlook. I believe that this will help me work at the University of Reading as I already have experience with the software.

I have also developed my skills at providing technical documentation in the form of my BTEC assignments. I have written nearly 50,000 words across various subjects within IT, including: Software Development, Graphic Design, The Internet, Website Design, Databases, Ecommerce, Computer Safety, Event Driven Programming, Systems Security, Mathematics, Project Planning and Troubleshooting. I believe that this will help me meet your requirements, as I have already written many documents similar to the technical documentation that would be required of me in this job.

My studies have given me ample opportunity to develop my skills in both written and verbal communication. I have received many positive comments regarding my email writing skills, including from my teachers.

During my time as a student, I have also used many tools to improve my productivity such as TaskWarrior and Trello, both of which I have used to compile notes and resources, these tools also help me to manage my time effectively to ensure that I complete all of my tasks on time. I have also used Excel to help me keep track of revision notes for my exam-based subjects.

I have helped out many friends and family with their technical issues, including virus removal, system reinstallation and file recover. I have also worked with small children within a local primary school, Aldryngton Primary School. During this time, I took a number of roles including teaching assistant within the IT suite where I had to assist the children with getting their software started, accessing their files and explaining what to do. I have also helped a similar set of children write code using "Scratch" and "Python", along with using markup languages such as "HTML" and "CSS". I believe that working in these environments has prepared me for a role as a helpdesk adviser as I have learned to talk patiently to those who do not understand the technology as well as I do, a skill that is crucial within IT support.