Computers have always been a part of my life. From an early age, I have always
had an interest in them. My father used to work in IBM until he had me, and then
worked in then in the IT sector for local primary and Secondary Schools; I think
his passion for technology inspired mine.

I recall, when I was just three years old, he took me around the IT classroom of
the local Secondary School he was working at, and I recall being amazed and
wondered by all of the sheer amount of computers in one room, all interconnected
and also connected to the wider world as well. I was in awe. Thinking back, the
computers had rather low specifications and did not run particularly well, with
lots of bloatware and badly coded programs, they would not be particularly
suitable for any school or workplace now, in 2016.

That is one of the main things that fascinates me about computers, about how far
we have come in just a few decades, from having a prediction that “there is a
world market for maybe five computers (sic)”, to having an estimated 20 billion
devices connected to the internet right now, and a forecasted 50 billion devices
connected by 2020. In my opinion, it goes to show how powerful humanity can be,
and it also shows how far we can still go. While the actual quote that I
previously used may not have ever been actually said, the point still stands: in
the past we only had a small grasp of how big a part of our lives computers
would have become. I believe that we are still in that phase: we still have a
long way to go until we have unlocked the full potential that computers can
offer us.

During my time in Secondary School, I felt that the qualifications that I was
taking for my GCSEs were not right for me. I wanted to do more than what had
been presented to me, but sadly the only computing course I could take was an
ICT course. After that choice was thrust upon me, I decided to take my studies
elsewhere once I finished my GCSEs, and found UTC Reading. Now that I am at UTC
Reading, it take triple BTEC IT and Computer Science A-Level, and it is within
these subjects that I feel that I can perform at my best. As the old Chinese
adage goes, "Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in
your life".

When I was in Secondary School, I spent my Thursday afternoons helping out at my
Primary School where I would teach children from Year 4 to Year 6 how to code in
a programming language called Scratch. Over the course of three years, I believe
that we inspired at least 50 young people with the wonders of coding, and I
believe that we helped about 10 people find their passion, who will go on to
have jobs within the technology industry. Because of this, I found the job
incredibly satisfying.

When I was in Secondary School I also helped out at the same Primary School on a
Tuesday afternoons helping children from Year 3 and 4 to learn how to develop
their reading skills. I found this to be a wonderful pastime, as I could see
all of the children under my care learning how to read and growing as people
because of it. I also like to think that these two activities that I did grew
me as a person, as I was able to help people with less of an understanding of
things as I did, resulting in an increase in empathy for those who need help
with things relating to technology. It was because of this that I want to get a
job in technical support so that I can help people whom are disadvantaged and do
not know how to fix their own devices.